Health and Wellness Tracker
The Health and Wellness Tracker is a project that covers important areas of health and wellness by utilizing the computational features of MATLAB. It functions as a preventive measure that can lower the risk of chronic illnesses and their related healthcare expenses. It also helps users modify their lifestyles with knowledge, which raises general health understanding. More than just a tool, the Health and Wellness Tracker is a step toward enabling people to take active and educated control over their health.
Thanks to this program, people will be aware of their health conditions, giving them the opportunity to detect diseases or improper habits early and prevent the detrimental effects these habits or diseases can cause on the person. Therefore, this tracker will help patients understand their conditions and if needed seek help to maintain a healthy life, increasing their overall well-being.
Users can get started on the project by downloading our MATLAB code that contains the tool that will give the user the opportunity measure their Body Mass Index, heart rate, water intake, and sleep. Out tracker has an interactive and accessible interface that will guide the user with questions that permit them to input their specific measures and obtain results of their heath status compared to the standardized parameters for their age group, height, and weight. 
This project was developed and will be maintained by undergraduate biomedical engineering students from the University of Florida. 
